Show how to concatenate HTML attributes (#1206)
digitallyinduced/ihp: Guide/form.markdown

-- On click, open an alert.
{(textField #title) { fieldInput = (\fieldInput -> H.input ! A.onclick "alert(1)") } }

> -- Add HTML5 'min' and `max` attribute to a number input.

Author: ```suggestion
-- Add HTML5 'min' and 'max' attributes to a number input.
```
